Here's the robot class with supporting and global functions.
In the upcoming quizzes,
you'll instantiate a robot object from this class.
The instantiated robot object will have a random position
and orientation based on a Gaussian distribution.
Also, the forward, turn,
and sensing noise parameters will initially be set to zero.
To update the position and orientation of the robot,
you can use this set function.
To simulate noise, use this set noise function and
add random noise values to the robot's pose and measurement.
Now, if you want to measure the distance
between the robot and each of the eight landmarks,
use the sense function.
With this move function,
you can rotate the robot and move it forward.
Finally, you can request the robot to show you it's
current pose or the distances toward the eight landmarks.
There are still some other functions that we'll cover later in the lesson.
Now, go through the robot class and the functions in
the C++ quiz section and try to understand the role of each one of them.
After reviewing the robot class,
print "I am ready for coding the MCL!" in the main function.